https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/AStylePlugin/trunk AStylePlugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Activator/trunk Activator
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Ancestor/trunk Ancestor
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/AntFarm/trunk AntFarm
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Archive/trunk Archive
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Background/trunk Background
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Beauty/trunk Beauty
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/BufferList/trunk BufferList
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/BufferTabs/trunk BufferTabs
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/BufferLocal/trunk BufferLocal
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/BufferTabs/trunk BufferTabs
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Calculator/trunk Calculator
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Checkstyle/trunk Checkstyle
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/CharacterMap/trunk CharacterMap
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Cipher/trunk Cipher
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/ClassBrowser/trunk ClassBrowser
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Code2HTML/trunk Code2HTML
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/CodeBrowser/trunk CodeBrowser
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/CommonControls/trunk CommonControls
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/ConfigurableFoldHandler/trunk ConfigurableFoldHandler
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Console/trunk Console
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/ContextMenu/trunk ContextMenu
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/CscopeFinder/trunk CscopeFinder
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/CtagsInterface/trunk CtagsInterface
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/CtagsSideKick/trunk CtagsSideKick
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/EditorScheme/trunk EditorScheme
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/ErrorList/trunk ErrorList
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/FTP/trunk FTP
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/FastOpen/trunk FastOpen
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/FirstMate/trunk FirstMate
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/FoldViewer/trunk FoldViewer
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/GdbPlugin/trunk GdbPlugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/GnuRegexp/trunk GnuRegexp
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/HelperLauncher/trunk HelperLauncher
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Hex/trunk Hex
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Highlight/trunk Highlight
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Hyperlinks/trunk Hyperlinks
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/InfoViewer/trunk InfoViewer
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Jalopy/trunk Jalopy
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/JakartaCommons/trunk JakartaCommons
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/JavaInsight/trunk JavaInsight
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/JavascriptScriptEnginePlugin/trunk JavascriptScriptEnginePlugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/JavaScriptShell/trunk JavaScriptShell
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/JavascriptSideKick/trunk JavascriptSideKick
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/JavaSideKick/trunk JavaSideKick
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/JCompiler/trunk JCompiler
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/JDiffPlugin/trunk JDiffPlugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/JUnitPlugin/trunk JUnitPlugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Jump/trunk Jump
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/LaTeXTools/trunk LaTeXTools
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/LogViewer/trunk LogViewer
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/LookAndFeel/trunk LookAndFeel
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/LucenePlugin/trunk LucenePlugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/MacroManager/trunk MacroManager
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/MibSideKick/trunk MibSideKick
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Minimap/trunk Minimap
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/MyDoggyPlugin/trunk MyDoggyPlugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Navigator/trunk Navigator
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/OpenIt/trunk OpenIt
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Optional/trunk Optional
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Outline/trunk Outline
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/P4Plugin/trunk P4Plugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/PHPParser/trunk PHPParser
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/PerlSideKick/trunk PerlSideKick
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/ProjectOptions/trunk ProjectOptions
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/RFCReader/trunk RFCReader
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/RhinoPlugin/trunk RhinoPlugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/RubyPlugin/trunk RubyPlugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/SQL/trunk SQL
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/SVNPlugin/trunk SVNPlugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Sessions/trunk Sessions
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/ShortcutSaver/trunk ShortcutSaver
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/SideKick/trunk SideKick
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/SmartOpen/trunk SmartOpen
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/SshConsole/trunk SshConsole
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/SuperAbbrevs/trunk SuperAbbrevs
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/SyntaxHelper/trunk SyntaxHelper
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Tags/trunk Tags
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/TaskList/trunk TaskList
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Templates/trunk Templates
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/TextAutocomplete/trunk TextAutocomplete
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/TextFilter/trunk TextFilter
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/TextTools/trunk TextTools
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/VoxSpell/trunk VoxSpell
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/WincryptCipher/trunk WincryptCipher
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/XInsert/trunk XInsert
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/XML/trunk XML
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/XercesPlugin/trunk XercesPlugin
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/XQuery/trunk XQuery
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/XSLT/trunk XSLT
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/XSearch/trunk XSearch
https://jedit.svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/jedit/plugins/Xrefactory/trunk Xrefactory

